Take Colin's text for IRTF description (#4)
richsalz/draft-ietf-rfc2028bis: draft-rsalz-2028bis.md

## Internet Research Task Force (IRTF)

The IRTF focuses on longer term research issues related to the Internet while
the parallel organization, the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF),
focuses on the shorter term issues of engineering and standards making.

The products of IRTF research groups are typically research results that are
published in scholarly conferences and journals. Research groups also

> sometimes develop experimental protocols or technologies that may be suitable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sometimes develop experimental protocols or technologies, some of which may be suitable
```

for possible standardisation in IETF. Similarly, IETF working groups
sometimes ask research groups for advice or other input.  Contributions from
research groups, however, carry no more weight than other community input,
and go through the same standards setting process as any other proposal.

The IRTF is managed by the IRTF Chair in consultation with the Internet
Research Steering Group (IRSG).  The IRSG membership includes the IRTF Chair,
the chairs of the various Research Group and possibly other individuals

> ("members at large") from the research community. Details of the organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
("members at large") from the community. Details of the organization
```
